Can you see it, Noel?
I can't see it anywhere.
[Sandi]
Big white tent. 12 new bakers.
Sorry, Sue, you
did say white tent, didn't you?
[Paul]
Where are they, Prue?
[Prue]
Don't know. They're late.
[Noel] Maybe we should have got a minicab?
[Sandi] Hmm.
[Flo]
My daughter applied for me.
This is who I've got to
thank for all this. [chuckles]
[Steven]
My mum said I'm already a winner.
Such a mum thing to say.
[Yan] When I saw the tent,
my heart rate went through the roof.
It's like my wedding day.
All over again,
except my wife is not here.
[Julia] I'm going to be
baking in the tent.
It's got so much history.
Are you sure I'm not asleep?
Are you sure it's happening?
I'm ready to go.
[Sandi] 12 new bakers.
[James] My children said,
"Don't get sent home first."
If I do,
I'm not allowed home.
[Noel] 30 brand new challenges
set by Paul Hollywood
and our new judge Prue Leith.
[Paul] This year is going
to be very special.
The bakers may think
they know what I want,
but when it comes to Prue,
they have absolutely no idea.
Prue's got 50 years of experience
in the business.
She'll know what she wants.
I'll be firm but fair
because I want the bakers
to do their very best.
Baking is such a treat,
but it has to be the very best,
and it has to be worth the calories.
[Stacey] I am always getting frustrated
with myself.
I cannot tell you the amount of cakes I've
thrown away, biscuits I've thrown away.
Technical bakes may unstitch me.
We'll see.
[Noel] In 2017, who will win?
[Chris]
I just want to get on with it now
and burn that first cake.
[Noel]
We're back at Welford Park in Berkshire.
Right, so I've got a list
of what we have to do.
First, set up theme of the week.
I was thinking a semaine of genoise,
-creme patisserie, fraisier gateaux.
-I love it. What's it mean?
It's cake week.
Oh, I'm so excited. We're actually going
to walk into the tent for the first time.
[Sandi] I know, I'm a little bit nervous.
I don't really do camping.
[Noel] Yeah, I don't think
we have to sleep in there.
[Sandi] Oh, okay.
[Noel] Over the next two days,
the bakers will face three challenges,
after which one of them will be named
our first star baker
and another will be asked
to leave the tent.
Hello, bakers.
Welcome to the fabulous tent.
Let's get baking
with your very first signature challenge.
The judges would love you to make
a family size fruity cake.
Now, the choice of sponge
and indeed fruit is entirely up to you,
but it must be fresh fruit.
No dried fruit allowed.
Basically, what we are saying
is that if it was a fruit party,
sultanas would not be on the guest list.
You have two hours
to make your fruity cake.
-Do you want to do it?
-Shall we do it together?
[both] On your marks. Get set. Bake.
Plain flour.
[Paul] The reason why the fruity cake
challenge is such a great signature
to start off the series with is because
it really tests the baker's knowledge
of baking in its purest form.
How much moisture
is that fruit going to release?
What that does is make
the inside of the cake quite soggy.
So what's difficult to judge
is when it is baked properly.
When you stick a skewer in,
to see if the cake is done,
the skewer may well come out wet
because it's hit a piece of fresh fruit
and you will be fooled into thinking
the cake isn't done.
It's not a very easy start.
[Paul] Morning.
-How you doing?
-Hello, James.
-Good to see you all.
-Tell us what you're doing.
So, I'm making a rhubarb,
orange and ginger cake
and it's got a crumble top on as well.
Takes me back to my childhood
where we used to have rhubarb crumbles
on a Sunday lunchtime.
That looks like proper rhubarb
-out of a garden.
-It is. Picked fresh from my allotment.
-Yep.
-Oh, how fantastic.
So my dad is a magpie of rhubarb.
Every time I go up the allotment
he's nicked someone else's chunk
of rhubarb and it keeps growing.
-So he's... Stuffed.
-Do the rest of the allotment
-know that, James?
-Ah, shh. Don't tell anyone.
-They do now. [laughs]
-[laughs]
[Sandi] Married dad of two, James
is a finance manager
from Brentwood in Essex.
He's been baking and gardening
with his dad Brian since he was five.
Put your back into it.
Anyone would think you're getting old.
[Sandi] His signature fruity cake
has a whopping 600 grams
of rhubarb in the sponge.
[Prue]
How are you cooking the rhubarb?
[James]
It's all going to be mixed in raw.
It will cook for about an hour so,
it should soften up nicely.
It should be a little squashy.
Yeah. It does get a little juicy,
shall we say.
-Don't give too much away, James.
-Oh, yeah, the judges are here.
[Noel] For the first challenge,
four of our new bakers
have chosen a great British ingredient.
Apple.
[Stacey] My grandma, she used to make
really good applecake.
I used to call her Buzz because
she had a hearing aid that buzzed.
And, I also used to call her,
every so often, Granny Smith.
I decided to name it after her.
Better than calling it a buzz cake.
[Noel] Stacey lives in Hertfordshire
with her husband James
and is a stay at home mum to her sons
Max, Zane and Ethan.
-Thank you. A pleasure.
-[Stacey laughs]
[Noel] Her apple and walnut cake
contains five large Granny Smiths.
There is an awful lot of apples in this.
Just got to make sure
they are all blended in nicely.
[Liam]
I'm making an apple crumble cake.
It's inspired by
my sister's lack of a sweet tooth.
This is for you, sister. [laughs]
[Sandi] Liam is a student from Hackney
in East London.
At 19 he is this year's youngest baker,
but he is already passing on his skills
to his nephews Shamari and Laquane.
[Liam] Happy? [laughs]
[Sandi] His crumble-topped apple loaf cake
is lightly spiced with
nutmeg and cinnamon.
Why did you choose a loaf tin
and not a shallower tin?
It makes the baking more difficult.
But I like loaves.
-Well, that's bread.
-You like the shape of it.
It's not... Yeah,
I like the shape of loaves.
Liam, just say it has always been perfect.
Flake of almonds. Icing sugar. Done.
-And done. I like that.
-[laughs]
Liam, I love the confidence.
It's terrific.
Thank you.
[Noel] One signature bake
is a product of a weekend in Amsterdam,
resulting in an unusual choice of fruit.
As I do,
I go around all the bakeries possible
and had some lemon and courgette
and I fell in love with it.
And technically, everything
that has got seeds in, is a fruit.
[Noel] Russian-born Julia
lives in West Sussex
and bakes while Skyping her nan,
back in her home town
of Kemerovo, Siberia.
[both speaking in Russian]
Her cake will also be filled
with blueberries and lemon curd.
But there's already a problem
with her courgettes.
I meant to squeeze my courgettes
before I put them in.
-Shall I keep that quiet?
-Yep.
How do you squeeze the moisture
-out of a courgette? You just wring it?
-You just put it in the, well... [laughs]
Basically you have to grate it first
and put it in a tea towel and squeeze it.
So you do know how to do it.
You just forgot.
-I forgot.
-Just deny it.
If they say, "Have you not squeezed
the moisture out of this courgette?"
-Say, "Of course I have."
-I'm just not strong enough.
[Sandi] Elsewhere in the tent,
there has been squeezing.
I'm not doing it too crazy,
don't want to squash it.
[Sandi] Sophie is a former army officer
from West Molesey in Surrey.
She'll sandwich her squeezed pineapple
and coconut sponges
with coconut Italian meringue buttercream.
Just want to avoid
too much leakage into the batter.
Done it without before and it was fine.
Just a precaution, really.
[Noel] She's not the only baker
that has headed for the tropics.
I'm making a coconut cake.
My wife and my daughter love it,
but my son doesn't like anything
with bits inside it.
[Noel] Peter is an IT manager
and bakes every Sunday
for his local church in Southend-on-Sea.
[man] That looks awesome.
[Noel] As well as fresh coconut,
he is using coconut flour,
coconut milk and coconut sugar.
I don't think you can ever
get enough coconut
unless the cake screams, "Oh, leave me.
I've had enough coconut. I'm tired."
[laughs]
[Noel] And we have a third
fruity cake castaway.
[Chris] I'm making a mango
and pineapple sponge.
Good for us, really, isn't it?
All this fruit.
[Noel] Chris is a software engineer
from Somerset.
He's used a spreadsheet
to calculate the perfect balance
of mango and pineapple
in his unique sponge.
There's no butter in it.
-No butter?
-No butter at all.
-No oil? No marge? No butter?
-Correct.
-Nothing at all?
-How many eggs?
-Just two.
-Two?
-Cook for 33 minutes.
-You must have
a tremendous amount
of fruit in there, then?
Yes. Because the whole point
is that we can taste it.
-Yep. Sorted.
-Going to put it in the oven.
Is there a countdown clock anywhere?
Not sure how quickly
these are going to bake.
It's going in at 160 for 45 minutes.
-Calm.
-Cross my fingers.
And start.
We'll see how it goes.
Bakers you have got one hour left
on your fruity cakes.
How long is your cake
going to be in the oven for?
It could be up to 75 minutes.
-I'm hoping an hour.
-Yeah, that's the same as me.
[Noel] The baking time for a fruity cake
can be a complete mystery.
The longer you look at it,
the more it cooks.
[Noel] As the temperature
in the sponge rises,
it's hard to tell how much moisture
the fruit will release.
And how long the wetter batter
will take to bake.
[vocalises] Bam, bam, bam, bam.
[Yan] Oh, God. It isn't baking
the way I feel it should be.
[Stacey] Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
No, you're right.
The red light has got to be on.
Oh, for crying out loud.
-If the light's not on, the oven's not on.
-Okay.
Thank you, Stacey.
I had it written on my hand. [chuckles]
Make sure the oven's on.
[Sandi] Yan is a biomedical scientist
for the NHS.
And spends her weekends playing football
in her hometown
of Enfield in North London.
Yes.
[Sandi] Her teammates' favourite
apple and cinnamon cake
has a crumble topping drizzled in caramel.
It was sitting in residual heat
so the crumble has gone all soft.
It's just a puddle of fat.
Let's make this again.
Luckily I've got apples and crumble.
As a contingency.
[Noel]
While Yan has to start all over again,
Flo has moved on to her fillings
and decorations.
It's a citrus cake
and I'm doing a lemon curd filling.
-Is that a "lemon kerd" filling?
-Lemon cu... Lemon curd.
-[laughs]
-Stop it.
-I'll be translator.
-That's good, you've got a friend now.
Stop it.
[Noel] Grandmother Flo from Liverpool
sometimes helps out
at her son's restaurant,
but gets most enjoyment
baking for her family.
Why don't I get invited
to your houses for a meal?
Because you're the best at it.
[Noel] Her children had to help
her type up her recipe
for a triple layered citrus cake
filled with fresh oranges and lemons.
My daughter put little messages
on the bottom.
"Well done, mum."
-"We love you."
-[all cooing]
-I'm nervous.
-Are you?
-[laughs]
-Oh, don't be nervous.
-There is nothing to worry about.
-Can always ask you to help me, can't I?
-Yeah. I'll say no.
-[laughs]
-But you can always ask.
-I know. I know.
[Sandi] While making a second sponge
has cost Yan valuable time...
Tom is spending precious minutes
giving his fruity cake
an expensive makeover.
I wouldn't want to just put a pear
on top of a cake. [laughs]
[Sandi] Tom is an architect
and sports fanatic from Edinburgh.
Yes!
His golden pear will top
a triple-tiered pear and blackberry cake.
It is just going to be mottled,
rustic effect.
It's not the sort of thing
that I do very often.
[Sandi] Tom's gilded pear
will have some stiff competition.
-I've got me little cut out pattern.
-Oh.
So I'm going to put it over the top
of the cake and I'm going to use
freeze-dried strawberries and then do like
a fresh fruit garnish round it.
-So you made that yourself?
-It took ages.
[Noel] Kate is a health and safety
inspector and a keen amateur blacksmith
from Knowsley, Merseyside.
Her intricate stenciled finish will top
three layers of strawberry and rose sponge
I love the combination of rose
and strawberry.
But how are you going to make sure that
one doesn't dominate the other?
Hopefully I'm going to layer it
with some strawberries going through.
-But good luck. Thank you.
-Thank you.
[Sandi] When it comes to fillings
and decorations...
Don't know what he's doing,
but I want to dip my finger in it.
[Sandi] ...Steven is going further
than anyone else.
[Steven] Toffee sauce.
Then after that we're going to
crystallise some citrus rind.
I'm going to mix up the mascarpone,
cinnamon and icing sugar,
and then, um, I probably should
read my instructions, shouldn't I?
[Sandi] Steven is a marketing executive
from Watford.
His mum Judy began teaching him to bake
when he was three.
In ounces?
-Yes.
-What year is this?
[Sandi] For his Bonfire Night apple cake,
he's planning a spectacular final flourish
straight from his mum's recipe book.
What's happening here?
It's like some bizarre game of chess.
-[laughs]
-I love it.
Every bonfire night,
mum would make us toffee apples.
So these are done
by taking a melon baller.
Core a piece of apple. Dip the toffee.
Hang them upside down.
It will leave a trail of toffee, which,
when turned the right way up,
will look like the flames of a fire.
-Oh, wow.
-Yeah, I know. Amazing.
-I think I'm in love with you.
-If it doesn't work, though...
Already?
Bong.
Bakers, you have 30 minutes left
to make your fruity cakes.
Does the pan not make a noise?
Oh, yeah, you are better.
It's always a tricky one,
whether to open it or not.
Let's do it. Let's be brave.
[Noel] Testing the bake
on a fruity cake...
[James] It's all very serious
and quiet in here now.
[Noel] ...can be a total lottery.
Kind of a Russian roulette of rhubarb.
You don't want to mistake the juice
from the apple for under-baked sponge.
Just one sec. Sorry.
I think there is apple on this skewer.
Okey dokey.
[Noel] Whilst those making sandwich cakes
with separate sponges...
-We're all good.
-[Noel] ...should need less baking time...
Oh, look at them babies.
[Noel] ...for those baking
one large cake...
Absolutely nowhere near ready.
[Noel] ...this first signature
challenge...
-Cheers.
-[Noel] ...is about to get even harder.
-You've got no cake there, have you?
-Hmm?
-You've got no cake there.
-Yeah, I know, it's just apples in there.
It's supposed to be out in four minutes.
Not a chance in hell.
I shouldn't have gone for a loaf.
There is nothing I can do now.
Should have just went for a sandwich.
Pants.
Okay, there's the magic bleep.
It's just a sponge.
No one's going to die.
Oh!
[Sandi] Unless the bakers have left enough
remaining time for their cakes to cool...
Not panicking. It's all good.
[Sandi] ...they won't be able to fill
or decorate them in time for judging.
Nearly done that.
What's your problem?
You need these to cool down?
Yeah. You never know,
it might go on the first one.
[Noel]
I think you're going to be all right.
What do you think about your new job?
[laughs] I don't think
I'm going to be all right.
I think you're going to be fine.
[laughs]
-I think we should swap.
-No, no. I think you'll be around.
[James] 15 minutes to go.
I'm going to turn the oven up.
Come on.
Oh, nice.
[sighs] Not too shabby.
Crystallised oranges
to go on top of the cake.
Just grinding up these
freeze-dried strawberry pieces
into a really fine powder.
Urgh.
[exhales]
[Kate] My heart is going now.
[Flo] They're nice and crispy.
They'll have to go on.
[Kate] All's I've got to do is decorate
the top and then I'll be fine.
Has anyone got a small sieve
I could borrow?
Oh, my God, thank you very much.
Fingers crossed this works.
Right. That will do.
That's as good as it will get.
-You finished?
-Yep. Have you?
Ah.
Right, bakers, you have two minutes
to bring this to a fruity conclusion
and you know, who doesn't want that?
I don't think I'm going to get my apples
done in time.
Fingers crossed.
Ah. I just pray that it's baked.
Haven't got time to muck about. Come on.
[Steven] Shizzle is nizzling.
[James] Oh, no.
I've lost some bottom.
[Yan] What do you need, mate?
Do you need icing sugar?
That's it.
-Yeah.
-Let's wipe down.
All right. Okay.
Whisk, whisk, whisk, whisk, whisk.
If I tuck it under... Don't tell anyone.
Bakers, you've got one minute.
There is just so much moisture
out of the rhubarb.
-You good?
-Yep. Solid.
Dripping all over the place.
Bakers, your time's up.
Looks gorgeous.
Your first challenge is over.
[cheering and applause]
Well done. [laughs]
-Can I just like...
-No, it's fine. Don't touch it.
-The middle though...
-Don't touch it.
Don't touch it. Liam.
I've made such a mess. I'm so sorry.
Oh, my God.
Look at the state of this place.
[Sandi] The bakers will now face
the judgment of Prue and Paul
for the very first time.
-Hello
-Hiya.
[Paul] I think you've lost
a little bit of the stencil.
I always have a problem with things
you're not going to eat.
Nobody is going to eat a marigold.
-[Noel] It's my favourite bit.
-Oh, God. [laughs]
[Prue] Perhaps he's not.
[Paul] Was that all right?
-Tasted like a clown's nose.
-[Paul laughs]
The cake is all rose water.
It's not what we wanted in a fruity cake.
It's a rose cake.
Style above substance.
How much baking powder
did you put in there?
-Five teaspoons.
-Oh, yeah. It's burning my tongue.
But before the baking powder hits you,
you get a really nice coconut flavour.
If somebody said to me you're going to put
a whole pear on top of a cake
I would have said, no, that's silly.
It actually looks very striking.
[Paul] I think you have over-baked
the cakes, for sure.
[Prue] It's a little bit heavy.
I meant to squeeze a bit of juice
out of it and I forgot.
And you forgot.
Well, you're a nice honest girl.
I told you not to tell them.
-I can't lie.
-[laughs]
[Paul] I think it looks great.
It looks well baked.
Love the candied fruit on top of that.
You finished quite early, didn't you,
I noticed?
-You were sitting there for a while.
-I did, yeah. I could kick myself.
-Why?
-I left the lemon curd in the fridge.
-The lemon curd in the fridge?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Let's have a look.
-Here we go.
Hmm. That is good sponge.
Loads of orange flavour coming through.
Do you know, I think there is enough
citrus in there?
Lemon curd is lovely, but unless
you are very restrained about it
and only put the thinnest layer,
it would have been overpowering.
-It's nice that, Flo.
-I'm awfully pleased.
It's a shame about the "lemon kerd."
[Prue] I have never heard of a sponge cake
with no fat in it with only two eggs.
[Paul] I think your sponge
is baked to perfection.
Oh. I'll tell you what, it's got flavour.
Texture's not right in the middle
-because it all got squashed.
-Okay.
It is a bit stodgy.
It's a bit boring.
Urgh, God.
[Paul] I'm not getting a huge amount
of flavour through.
I'm getting the sponge
and I'm getting the apple.
Not light as air, but it is a good sponge.
And I think you've got away with it,
considering that was
-your second one, as well.
-I'll take that as a win.
-[laughs]
-Maybe a draw.
Yeah. [laughs]
-It looks absolutely delicious.
-Thank you.
I love the bonfire flames.
The shine of the toffee is perfect.
-Beautifully baked.
-Thank you.
To get that texture of apple,
which is just slightly soft
and then you have those gorgeous
warming spices coming through.
The combination of flavours is perfect.
I mean, it's just like
a little sum up of autumn.
-Thank you.
-Very well thought through.
-[laughs]
-Well done.
-Very good.
-Thank you.
-Nailed it.
-Well done.
-Thank you.
[Prue] Looks as if
the apple has sunk a little.
[Paul] The bake's okay,
but I get a hint of cinnamon.
I'm not convinced that
the whole thing together works.
-I think it does look a little bit rustic.
-Hmm.
-[Paul] It's just mud.
-Wet in the middle.
[Paul] It's been flooded with water
all the time, while it's in the oven.
Nothing that a lot of custard
wouldn't help.
[Paul] It's very neat. The piping's good.
[Prue] Oh, look at that sponge.
I think that texture's lovely.
The pineapple flavour comes
walloping through.
You must have dried
the pineapple a bit too?
Yes.
[gasps]
[laughs]
That's delicious.
-I mean, it really is.
-Oh, my gosh.
The pineapple that comes through there
is delicious and that silkiness
that come from the Italian meringue
just works so well with that.
-I'd have another piece of that.
-Wow. Thank you.
-No, you can't. No, you can't.
-Thank you.
[inhales]
Gosh.
When he sort of... I was like, no,
it can't be. I am worried
I might have peaked a bit too soon.
When he put his hand out,
I thought he was going to hit me.
I know it's not pretty but I was hoping
that it would hit the spot.
It's the Peter Beardsley of cakes.
[moans]
[Sandi] The bakers were able to practice
for their first challenge.
But every week their second
will be a gingham-clad mystery.
Bakers, now it's time
for your first technical challenge,
today set for you by the lovely Prue.
Prue, any advice for the bakers?
Well, all I can say is that
it's a bit fiddly.
Right, as this challenge is judged blind,
I'm going to ask these guys to go.
Noel? Not you. No.
-What? I just wanted to see where they go.
-No, no, they've got work to do.
-Okay.
-We have to set the very first
technical challenge, which today
involves Prue wanting you to make
twelve chocolate mini-rolls.
That's a 144
of these childhood favourites.
Each one of which needs to have
a delicate chocolate sponge,
a swirl of peppermint buttercream
and covered in chocolate.
But cheekily, do not worry
about leaving a bare bottom.
You have two hours.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake.
[Julia] Oh, my god.
[Noel] To make the chocolate mini-rolls
the bakers have all
been given the same ingredients
and Prue's pared down recipe.
The instructions are vague. Bit like me.
I've made a Swiss roll
a couple of weeks ago.
So to me,
it's just lots of little Swiss rolls.
Never made a mini-roll ever in my life.
Why would I?
Prue, why have you chosen
chocolate mini-rolls?
They are very familiar to everybody,
so they seem like an easy cake.
In fact they are very difficult to do.
They must look identical and neat.
Inside, soft chocolate sponge.
Because there is no flour in it,
there's no baking powder.
You're relying entirely on the egg whites
to rise the sponge.
And there's peppermint buttercream,
which if you put too much essence in,
tastes like toothpaste.
And it must make a perfect swirl.
All together not an easy task.
That's delicious to eat.
Very chocolaty sponge with that
flavour of peppermint but not too much.
Let's see what they're made of
and all I can say is that
I have more difficult challenges to come.
-Charming.
-[laughs]
The recipe is telling me that I have to...
Make a paste with cocoa, butter...
One teaspoon full of vanilla extract.
Four tablespoons of water.
It's looking like
it should be the right consistency.
My first cake wasn't brilliant, so I
need to pull it back a bit with this one.
And then the next instruction, whisk the
egg yolks with two thirds of the sugar.
And then mix egg yolks with the paste.
[Stacey] Lovely jubbly.
Whisk the egg whites
with the remaining sugar.
This is getting enough air
into the egg whites
to give it a really nice light texture.
[Kate] That will do.
Gently folding in.
Nice and smooth, but still plenty of body
because the egg
is the only raising agent in this.
If you miss that step out,
then I think you could be in trouble.
Whisk in the egg whites
to the remaining sugar.
How you feeling after the first one?
Meh. So if I come mid-table for this,
-it should be all right. Going in.
-Yeah. Okay.
-Big breath. Big breath.
-[exhales]
Here it goes.
It says 12 to 20, but that's pretty vague.
Ah, I don't know. Don't know.
[Steven] I'm going to do 12 minutes
because as soon as they lose that moisture
they'll just crack as they roll.
See you in 12.
This isn't right,
Chrissy, this isn't right.
And I can't work out
what I'm not doing right, actually.
Maybe it's supposed to be like that?
-What's next?
-Got to make the buttercream.
That's something you've done before?
I'm joking. [laughs]
You're still joking, that's good.
Yeah, but joking can only get you so far.
Well, thanks a lot.
Doesn't say how much peppermint
essence to put in.
Start off by doing
a quarter of a teaspoon.
I just put in a... [vocalises]
And then I'll see.
The flavour is not too overpowering.
I think it needs a bit more.
Doesn't taste like toothpaste.
Bakers, you are halfway through
the making of your mini marvels.
[Sophie] I just want to get to the point
where they are quite flexible.
They don't look done at all.
Anytime soon.
Slightly sinking in one bit.
That's me done, guys.
I don't know if I should
do it again or not?
Flat as a pancake, so I'm starting again.
I'm starting again as well.
Nothing like a bit of stress.
Okay.
They seem a bit rubbery.
I want to redo my sponges.
I think, I didn't fold it in
very well, maybe?
That looks disgusting, doesn't it?
I think I need to mix
it for a bit longer.
Trying not to lose the air.
Yep, quite happy with those.
Second time, lucky.
Melt the plain and milk chocolate
together.
Got dark and milk chocolate in here.
-It will be nice.
-It's a chocolate feast.
-That is pure...
-Wow.
I can actually feel my hips widening
as we do it.
Is that good?
-Er, well, it's a thing.
-Okay.
And then the white chocolate,
presumably to drizzle over.
I made a mistake.
I've put white chocolates
in the milk chocolate.
See if I can do something with it.
See you again in 12 minutes.
You've got half an hour left
on your mini-rolls.
Here.
-[thud]
-He's bowled over.
Spread the filling
over the cooled sponges.
I've got to make sure there's
even spreading of the buttercream.
Make sure I get right to the edges.
I want a nice tight curl.
Okay. So, roll from each short end
so that it meets in the middle.
[Kate] Roll it like that.
Roll it the other way.
And then cut that in half.
And do the same with the other one.
I've just scored it a little bit to try
and get it nice and tight.
Using the piece of paper to help me.
Just making sure the roll is tight.
It is fiddly.
[sighs] It's all sticking.
[Liam] I didn't realise that it would be
this much pressure.
Oh, relief.
Happier with the rise on these.
They are looking absolutely awful.
Cut into 12 mini-rolls.
The length is 20 centimetres.
Doesn't divide.
But the edges are not neat,
so take a centimetre off each side
and works out at six centimetres each.
Hopefully it will have a perfect little
spiral and be nice and tight.
[chuckles]
Oh, well. Put those ones to the bottom.
They've got a nice swirl inside,
so at least that's something.
Oh, didn't cut it even.
Right. Here we go.
It just says cover the rolls
leaving the bases uncovered.
How are you going to pour your chocolate?
Are you going to pour it on?
Are you going to dip it?
Because we are allowed an exposed bottom,
I will just pour it all on.
[Noel] If there's an opportunity
to keep the bottom exposed,
we should all embrace that.
I'm planning on taking my trousers off
when Paul and Prue do the judging.
Just trying to ladle it over.
How long have we got left?
You tell them five minutes because I don't
want to make them stressed, but you can.
Okay, bakers, you've got
five minutes left.
Yep. What he said.
Use the white chocolate to decorate
it in some unspecified way.
I'm thinking quite simple.
Just some sort of lines.
[Steven] Oh, shaky hands.
Ah.
I don't have any time.
This is dangerous.
[Chris] Looks are deceiving, aren't they?
-[Stacey] Ah.
-My hands are shaking so much. Oh, God.
[Liam] Such a mess.
Okay, bakers, your time is up.
Please bring your mini chocolate rolls up
and put them behind your photo.
[Sandi] Paul and Prue are expecting
12 identical mini-rolls
filled with a perfect swirl of delicately
flavoured peppermint buttercream.
And they'll have no idea whose is whose.
Oh, my God, I'm all shaking.
[Paul] Shall we start from this side?
[Prue] It's not perfect.
[Paul] There is white chocolate on the top
and they're all fairly even in size.
-Let's have a look.
-[Prue] It's got a proper swirl.
-The sponge is good.
-Peppermint is a little bit strong.
This is certainly rougher.
They haven't been cut properly.
-Very nice swirl.
-And that sponge looks good.
Ah, good.
[Paul] The peppermint's good in that one.
It's a shame they look the way they do.
I know, because it's really good inside.
They're quite small
so there should be a good swirl.
-Look at that.
-[Paul] Interesting.
The sponge is actually not very spongy.
[Paul] This is more like
a ganache than a sponge.
-[Prue] Yeah.
-Oh...
[Paul] These look a little bit messy.
[Prue] But I quite like the feathering.
[Paul] Needed a bit longer in the oven,
that one, I think.
This one's decided to use
a different colour of chocolate.
[Prue] We did ask for white chocolate.
-Not getting the peppermint in that one.
-No.
Very neat and the chocolate is very good.
[Paul] Nice swirl.
Get a bit of a hit of peppermint.
-Sponge is nice, as well.
-[Prue] I think this is a very good one.
[Paul] Right moving on to this, um...
-This is art.
-[all chuckle]
This is definitely art. I rather like it.
[Paul] Not much of a swirl.
This is a sort of C.
[Prue] Too much mint.
[Paul] Now these are actually quite neat,
I like the white chocolate on the top.
-Nicely coated, as well.
-[Prue] All the same size.
[Paul] Let's have a look
and see what it's like inside.
[Prue] Oh, dear.
[Paul] Solid bit of cream and no swirl.
[Prue] That is a shame.
This is not a pretty sight.
[Paul] The ends haven't been covered.
The white chocolate has been blobbed
on the top from about ten foot, I reckon.
Interesting swirl.
[Prue] The sponge has not been cooked
enough, so it's very squashed and thin.
[Paul] These look neater. Equal in size.
There's a little bit of a swirl in there.
[Prue] Sponge is very good.
[Paul] This looks quite neat, as well.
Mostly the same size.
Not too much of a swirl.
[Prue] For me there's a little bit
too much mint.
[Paul] Sort of feathered chunky monkeys,
aren't they?
We were looking for more of a swirl
on the peppermint.
-The sponge isn't too bad at all.
-[Prue] No.
It looks a little denser than it is.
[thunder rumbles]
[Noel] Prue and Paul
have made their decision.
In 12th place is this one. Whose is this?
They might be mine.
Right. They were still raw.
This one is number 11.
Stacey, your sponge mixture
wasn't cooked properly.
[Paul] In 10th place is this one.
Why have we got milk chocolate on top,
not white?
It was just a mistake.
[Sandi] Flo is ninth.
Liam eighth.
Tom seventh. Steven sixth.
Sophie fifth and Yan is fourth.
In third place we have this one.
Very well done, Julia. Lovely swirl.
Excellent.
[Paul] And in second place,
is this one. Whose is this?
-Well done.
-Thank you.
Very neat.
Loved the white lines on the top.
-Thank you.
-So, in first place...
It has to be Kate.
They are all the same size.
The swirl is there.
The peppermint flavour is finely balanced.
-Well done.
-Thank you.
[cheering and applause]
Well done.
Happier than this morning.
Do you know what? I don't mind mini-rolls,
but I don't think I'll ever make
a rose cake ever again. [giggles]
[Chris] I don't think
that anyone has any idea
quite what the tent does to you in there.
Don't want to be out in week one.
That would be absolutely gutting.
-Definitely not.
-Stern talking to myself tonight.
Serious talks.
[birds chirping]
[Sandi] One challenge remaining
before someone is crowned
this year's first star baker
and another
is the first to leave the tent.
Bakers, welcome back to your
first showstopper challenge.
Today, Prue and Paul would love you
to make an illusion cake.
A cake designed to trick the eye
into thinking it's anything but a cake.
It has to have the same
flavour of sponge throughout
and the size and shape must be to scale.
So, maybe don't make a woolly mammoth.
Yeah, pace yourselves. Maybe not week one.
All decorations need to be edible.
You've got four hours
to create your spectacular
show stopping illusion.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake.
[Noel] Making a cake
that doesn't look like a cake
is the most complex showstopper challenge
ever set in the first week.
[Prue] I would remind the bakers
that what we don't want is
style over substance.
Of course, we want it to look like
what it's not,
it's an illusion cake.
But it's also got to taste fantastic.
These guys have got to be not just bakers,
but true artists.
And probably, a little bit
of engineering as well.
And I imagine they've had a few
sleepless nights over this one.
Nerves don't exist today,
so I've got to smash it
irrelevant of how I feel.
I want it to be airy. I really don't
want negative feedback today.
[Sophie] I don't want you filming it,
it's split.
Changes the rise.
Actually the denser the mixture
for this, the better,
because I need a lot
of structural integrity.
[Noel] Sophie's dense sponge
will be flavoured with chocolate
and carved into the shape
of a champagne bucket,
complete with sugar-work ice cubes
and a chocolate champagne bottle.
It's actually a cake I did
for my housemate for her birthday.
When I took it to the bar,
the bouncer went,
"You can't take in your own alcohol."
[laughs] And I was like,
it must look good then,
if I can trick the bouncer.
[Noel] And Sophie isn't the only one
heading for a posh night out.
I like going out in the evening
and getting dressed up sometimes.
Rarely, but when I do,
I quite like a nice bag.
[Sandi] Stacey's making
red velvet chocolate sponge,
which she'll decorate to look like
a designer clutch handbag.
-This is quite a wet mix, isn't it?
-Yep. It's going to be quite moist.
It's got buttermilk, a little red wine,
vinegar, oil.
When you add the moisture to a sponge,
it becomes quite airy
and can collapse very, very easily.
-I've done it quite a few times.
-[Paul] Okay.
I'm hoping that it won't collapse.
-[Paul] Thank you.
-Good luck.
Looking forward to the moist clutch.
[laughs] Okay.
[Noel] As Stacey and Sophie head out,
Tom is looking forward
to a quiet night in.
[Tom] I am baking a stack of books.
The idea being that it is
a relaxing evening by the fire.
[Noel] The sponge inside Tom's books will
be flavoured with two of the classics.
So my flavours are lemon and poppy seed.
I think it could pack quite a punch.
[Sandi] Whether you've had a quiet night
in or a big night out...
All right.
...the flavours in James' sponge
should get you up in the morning.
Got espresso coffee in it.
I start off most mornings in the office
with a cup of coffee and a croissant.
[Sandi] James will carve
his espresso coffee cake
into the shape of his favourite breakfast.
It is kind of my day to day life
and my baking life,
which is totally separate.
So this kind of joins the two.
So I'm making the banana sponge now.
[Noel] Liam's flavoured sponge will also
be transformed into breakfast.
Every Sunday I try to have pancakes.
Me and my mum prefer
the thick American style.
[Noel] His banana sponge
with blueberry compote
will be disguised as a stack of pancakes,
complete with his mum's
favourite trimmings.
-[Paul] What's this for then, the granola?
-Because I always have granola
with my pancakes.
I just think the flavour's better.
Like you guys said,
I have to work on my flavours.
How are you making the pancakes?
I'm making a marshmallow fondant
and then roll it into a sausage shape
and then cut out thin strips.
-Yeah.
-And then wrap it around.
Why would you roll it round the cake?
Because that's how
it would look like pancakes.
Trust me, Paul.
-[laughs]
-Okay.
[Sandi] For Chris and Flo's sponges...
That's not red enough.
...colour is crucial
to pulling off their illusions.
[Sandi] What did you base the recipe on?
Paul's pork and egg pie recipe.
Oh, it's his own savoury recipe?
Yes, so, I'm making a yellow sponge
to represent the yolk.
I've got some white sponge
to create the egg
and then I'm going to make the pork.
[Sandi] Chris will have to cut and place
his almond flavoured coloured sponges,
so that when it's sliced,
his cake will look like
Paul's favourite pie.
[Sandi] I know you're
an analytical kind of guy.
How precise is this all to be measured?
[Chris] Down to the millimetre.
Do you feel you need this one to get
yourself a bit higher up the rankings?
-I think we do. Yes.
-[laughs]
-It's a we now, is it?
-It is.
-I thought this was a team.
-I like that. It's absolutely...
You told me, you told me
you're getting them drunk for me.
-Did you give them that money I gave you?
-[chuckles] Totally.
[Noel] Flo's coloured sponge should create
an illusion that's a little less savoury.
Me husband loves melon.
We went abroad one time
and the barman made us
watermelon cocktails called,
'One in a Melon.'
So it just brings happy memories.
I don't like melon myself.
[Noel] Flo's red sponge
will be soaked in melon syrup,
studded with chocolate chips
and covered in green fondant.
[Flo] I'm going in.
I'm going to have to do them
on two shelves today.
Normally I like to keep them
all on the same shelf.
[Noel] But the multiple sponges
required to build the illusions...
[Chris] Beautiful.
...come multiple baking times.
Start at 20.
[Noel] And whilst keeping track of that...
They've been in for about
13 to 15 minutes.
...they also need to find time
to make multiple decorative elements
to deceive the eye.
Here we've got the isomalts.
It's basically a type of sugar.
It melts down totally clear, and that's
going to go into ice cube trays.
It mimics the look of the ice cube.
[Sandi] For her sugar based deception,
Kate is also working with
unconventional materials.
This looks surprisingly
like glacier mints.
Yeah. I'm making a terrarium cake.
A terrarium is a small glass container
-that you put plants in.
-A mini-greenhouse.
I used to collect cactuses
when I was a kid.
[Sandi] Kate's panes of glacier mint glass
will enclose buttercream houseplants
on a chocolate and star anise sponge.
It's about engineering because you've got
to make sure all those pieces fit together
I've designed the moulds
with a bit of a lip on them
so structurally they've got some support.
Have you done this whole thing before?
Not all together, no.
I've done it in different elements.
I think we ought to let you
get on with it. It's terrifying.
[Sandi] Peter is also venturing into
the intimidating world of molten sugar.
[Peter] I made the knife mould myself.
So the ultimate goal is to have a knife
that is cutting through the bread.
[Sandi] Peter's knife will cut
a lemon madeira cake loaf
sat on a Genoese sponge chopping board.
It just represents my foray into baking
because I started baking bread
before anything else.
[Noel] Steven's also attempting
to make bread in cake week.
Being one of 12 bakers I thought
why not make a lunch for us and a cake.
[Noel] He's preparing two kilograms
of fondant for his baker's lunch,
to cover a loaf
of chocolate and hazelnut sponge
that will be sliced for an accompanying
fondant filled sandwich.
She's a bacon, lettuce and tomato.
-[Prue] BLT?
-BLT.
How are you going to make that?
I will use this bad boy.
This is a spray gun for edible colour.
For bits of lettuce, tomato, bacon.
-Perfect. Wow.
-[Paul] Nice idea.
I think that's very interesting.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
[Sandi] When it comes to fondant food,
Yan's lunch is a little more adventurous.
[Yan] It's a pasta machine.
My mum's been trying
to get rid of it to me
because her house is massive
and mine is tiny, so why wouldn't she?
[Sandi] She'll attempt to make
fondant noodles
to top a banana cake transformed
into a bowl of Japanese ramen,
complete with fondant pak choi
and chicken katsu fillet.
I like noodles.
So, banana ramen,
just rolls off the tongue.
Yes. Beauty.
Bakers,
unfortunately time is not an illusion.
Okay.
You're halfway through
your showstopper challenge.
[Chris] Very happy with those.
We can work with that.
Bingo.
[Noel] While some are happy with
the sponges they'll have to build with.
Zen.
[Noel] For Stacey,
there seems to be pattern emerging.
Usually they're much higher.
And I wanted a light sponge
and that is not a light sponge.
Am I going to put it in the bin? Yep.
[groans]
I want to redo my sponge.
Not what I wanted today, so...
[Sandi] For the rest of the bakers,
it's the point of no return.
The sheer complexity of this year's
first showstopping designs...
[Liam] Cutting a cake when it's warm,
sometimes it springs back on you.
...means precision in every cut,
in every cake, is crucial.
[James] This is going to be
the core of the cup.
[Chris] I'm now making the inside.
So this is going to be my egg
and I'm going to cover it up.
Job done. And breathe.
[Noel] Julia has also planned an illusion
on the inside of her showstopper.
I'm making a Russian Doll.
I think it's quite self-explanatory.
[Noel] Hidden at the heart of Julia's show
stopper will be a fondant and sponge doll
surrounded by a larger doll
made with five layers of
a classic Victoria sponge.
The outside looks Russian, like me,
and the inside is English,
which is also me now.
[Stacey] How long have we got?
[Steven] About an hour.
[Stacey] An hour? Right, doable.
[exhales] Very happy I re-did it.
[Liam] Getting somewhere now.
Carving it round like a melon.
I'm making the doll for the inside.
[Stacey] Now I'm doing three things
at the same time.
Sugar. Fondant. Cake. Four things.
Icing. The whole thing.
The clock seems to get faster.
[Sandi] You're just about to do
some serious cuttage.
-Shall we do it together?
-Oh, dear. It's like a wedding.
Oh, it feels lovely, darling.
-Oh.
-Oh, don't worry.
-It's okay?
-It's technically your fault, but...
Yeah.
I want to try and get it all
neatly covered in one go
and then I can trim it back after.
Just piping the succulents on, although,
I think the buttercream
might be, like, a little bit too hard.
Hands are so shaky.
I'm just trying to do a crumb coating.
That's the diameter of the cake.
Or circumference. I don't know.
I can't remember
the last time I did maths.
[Julia] This doesn't look
anything like I want it to.
It's a katsu chicken fillet.
It's made out of Rice Krispies
and marshmallows.
[Julia] I'm just blopping it in.
So, you know when pancakes have those
air bubbles, so like, just over there.
Bakers, you have half an hour to bedeck
your breath-taking bakes of beauty.
Still redeemable. Everything's redeemable.
Everything's redeemable.
-Yes.
-You can do this.
[Sophie] This is modelling chocolate.
-Wow. What's happening now?
-[both laughing]
You should have seen it
before I started sculpting.
So, this is the top
of my champagne bottle,
-as you can see.
-[Noel] Oh, yeah.
-Okay, well, good luck with that, yeah.
-Thanks.
-Thanks very much.
-I'm glad I saw that.
[Yan] I'm using my science background
to create these salmon roe.
So I've liquefied
some agar in some mango juice
and obviously you want spherical balls,
and how do you create that?
So I've cooled down some oil in
the fridge, and as I pipe in the liquid,
it cools down and creates the outer wall.
The juice balls.
[clicks tongue] Science.
[Flo] Does it look like a watermelon?
[Stacey] How long we got?
[Julia] How long?
[Noel] Five minutes until we see
what your cakes are made of.
Or what they're not made of.
-I haven't really got time.
-I've tried to not get in a state.
Do you put bacon on first or lettuce?
We'll put lettuce on first.
Let's not be monsters about this.
Ten.
-Carrot.
-[Noel] Nine.
[Sandi] Eight.
[Noel] Seven.
[Sandi] Six.
[Noel] Five.
[Sandi] Four.
[Noel] Three.
[Chris] There we go.
[Sandi] Two.
-One.
-[Sandi] Bakers, your time is up.
[exhales]
Put down your illusions.
[Kate] What a disaster.
No more touching your illusions.
No.
[Steven] Well done.
[sighs]
[Sandi] It's judgment time
for the show stopping illusion cakes.
Yan, please bring up your illusion cake.
I think what you have produced there
is a work of art.
I love the way you've used
the Rice Krispies
and then the eggs look incredible.
[Prue] The little salmon roe,
it will taste like mango
and your brain is telling you one thing
and your taste buds telling you another.
We should be eating it
with the chopsticks.
Oh, look at that. Isn't that beautiful?
I think it's got a good banana flavour.
The cakes are slightly too dry.
It's unfortunate,
but that design is incredible.
[Paul] I think you could have
done more with it.
-It's not detailed enough.
-Yep.
I love the flavour.
I think it's a little dry.
-It so nearly worked, didn't it?
-[laughs]
[Paul] That glass looks great.
-Just such a shame you lost it at the top.
-[Kate] Yeah.
Texture's nice. Very moist.
Nice flavour. I like it.
[Paul] It's collapsed a bit there,
hasn't it?
It did. It needed more time
before I iced it.
Mmm, very nice flavour.
It's a bit dry, but the chocolate,
the coffee is delicious.
-It's a little bit basic on the outside.
-Sure.
This is so exciting.
-Oh, that's disappointing.
-We can see it.
-Oh, that's brilliant, that bit.
-[all laughing]
[Prue] Very almondy flavour.
But it comes down to the texture.
It's a little bit too dense for me.
Flo. Please bring up your illusion cake.
If you saw that in the greengrocer shop,
you would think it was a watermelon.
[Paul] I'm dying to see
what it looks like inside.
Wow.
[Prue] Oh, there you go.
-Look at that.
-[Noel] Wowzers.
[Paul] That's excellent there.
Now, this has got watermelon syrup
-in here as well, hasn't it?
-Yeah.
I want some with the chocolate in.
I can't really get the watermelon,
but then my mouth is full of chocolate,
what's the matter with that?
I think it's wonderful.
[Paul] Your sponge is spot on.
I love the colour you've got inside
and the chocolate just highlights it
and lifts it up.
-I love you, Flo.
-I love you too, now.
[laughs]
It's the fattest Russian Doll
I have ever seen.
-Proper Siberian.
-Is that right?
-Okay.
-[all laughing]
-[Prue] Oh, look at that.
-[applause]
[Paul] Right, let's see
if we can cut into her.
I find the cake a little bit plain
and a little bit dry.
It's a little bit simplistic.
[Prue] I think it's a pity
about the knife.
It's a bit dry.
[Paul] The flavour in there is beautiful.
Just think you've left it in there
a little bit too long.
I'm not certain that I would know
it was a handbag.
It's looks like a decorated cake
rather than a hang bag.
But what's more important is,
is it a great cake?
-I think it's delicious.
-Thank you.
Certainly a bit sticky in your mouth.
You wouldn't want to eat a lot of it
because it's so rich.
[Paul] The sponge is delicious.
What throws you is the colour.
Overall not really overwhelmed
by the design.
[Prue] I have to say,
the champagne bottle looks amazing.
It's really beautifully done.
-[Paul] Oops.
-[chuckles]
-I'll just get that before it melts.
-[all laughing]
-Surprisingly dry.
-Okay.
The ganache is making it even drier,
but the flavour
of the chocolate's nice.
Steven, please bring up
your illusion cake.
Wow.
That is stunning.
Without a shadow of a doubt
you know exactly what that is.
[Prue] Absolutely astonishing.
You wouldn't think that wasn't bread,
would you?
[Steven] It is a chocolate hazelnut sponge
with a peanut butter frosting.
It's perfect.
The hazelnut. The peanut. The frosting.
The layers are equal. The outside.
The colour, the texture, it's all there.
[Prue] And it's not too sweet.
I think it's lovely.
-Well done.
-[exhales]
-Thank you.
Well done.
Liam, please bring up your illusion cake.
Well, I have to say,
I think it looks delicious.
It makes my mouth water.
I want to come to yours for breakfast.
-Any time.
-It just...
It's just so lovely.
[all laughing]
I mean,
it really is very difficult to believe
that that's not pancakes.
I think it's ingenious,
but it's got to taste good as well.
There's a lot going on in here as well,
isn't there?
-Yeah.
-[Prue] Hmm.
Um... I was expecting more banana flavour.
I think that's because
the blueberries overpower it.
-Yeah.
-But it's delicious. A mouthful is lovely.
-Okay.
-I think your banana cake is beautiful.
-Well done, mate.
-Thank you.
Oh, gosh.
[Noel] Paul and Prue must now decide
who will be our first star baker
and who will be the first
to leave the tent.
Standard's been ridiculously high,
hasn't it?
I think this is one of the strongest
challenges I've seen
-for the first programme.
-[Sandi] So, who has stood out?
Well, I think Flo came straight back with
a cracking good watermelon.
Sophie has been very constant.
Stephen didn't fail us on the showstopper.
Nobody wants to be the first person
to leave, but who is in some danger?
Liam saved himself with that showstopper.
It was stunning.
Stacey I think is in trouble.
This didn't look like a hand bag.
Peter hasn't done well.
Chris is full of good ideas.
His flavours are spectacular,
but his baking falls short.
Well, I have to say
none of it sounds straightforward.
We have to send somebody away, don't we?
-You can send Noel?
-I'll go. I'll go now, actually.
-I'll take a hit for the team.
-[all laughing]
It's been great.
I've loved working with you guys.
-[all laughing]
-Thanks, fella. Nice to meet you.
Sandi will be fine.
[all laughing]
-Bye. See you later, kids.
-Bye, darling.
Bakers, it is my tremendous privilege
to announce the very first star baker.
The star baker is the person
whose showstopper
was honestly the best thing
since sliced bread.
The star baker is Steven.
-[all applauding]
-Well done.
Oh, bakers. Ah, sadly I have to
deliver the bad news.
Horrible job.
The person that we have to say
goodbye to is...
Peter.
I'm sorry, mate.
Give us a hug. Come on.
Well done.
Peter, you were great.
I hope you've enjoyed it.
[Peter] It's been a wonderful experience.
Maybe, I could have
done things differently
but it's been just a pleasure
meeting everyone.
[Prue] I'm really sorry
to say goodbye to Peter.
He was up against real competition.
Sorry, bud.
[Paul] The standard this year is so high
that unfortunately it was Peter's turn.
-Mate, I don't know what to say, mate.
-It's all right.
I understand it was the flavours
that has put me a whisker above Peter.
Give us a bit of loving.
Hugely stressful and fun
and I've made some great friends.
[Stacey] Thank you so much.
And I'm so pleased they gave me
the opportunity to hopefully improve.
When I seen that bread, I went...
[Flo] When I got that feedback today,
I was ecstatic. The kids will be
absolutely thrilled to bits.
I won't be telling them anything
that they don't know.
It's me that doubts meself.
[all laughing]
-[woman on phone] Hello, darling.
-Hello, Ma, you all right?
I made star baker.
[gasps] No!
And um, Paul shook my hand.
Oh darling, I'm so proud of you.
I just want to feel like this
all the time. Not crying, obviously.
It's quite awkward. On the tube.
[theme music playing]